feat: use-mvnw support (#1054)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/maven_plugin.rst

============

The Maven plugin builds Java projects using the Maven build tool.

The plugin will check for project Java version compatibility with the build system Java version
compatibility before executing the build. If an incompatible version is detected, the plugin will

> fail early.

Reviewer: Should this be removed?

Author: Removed, thank you!

Used to add additional parameters to the ``mvn package`` command line.

maven-use-mvnw
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Type:** boolean

> Used to determine whether the build should use the project provided Maven
> wrapper (located at ``<project-root>/mvnw``) executable file. The command ``mvn
> package`` is replaced with ``./mvnw package`` command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Used to determine whether the build should use the Maven wrapper provided by the project
at ``<project-root>/mvnw``. If turned on, the project command is replaced with ``./mvnw
package``.
```

Environment variables
---------------------

> Environment variables can be specified to modify behavior of the build. Three proxy related case
> insensitive environment variables are treated specially.
> ``http_proxy``, ``https_proxy`` and ``no_proxy``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Environment variables can be specified to modify the behavior of the build. Three
proxy-related, case-insensitive environment variables are treated specially:

- ``http_proxy``
- ``https_proxy``
- ``no_proxy``
```

For a list of environment variables used to configure Maven, please refer to
`Configuring Apache Maven <https://maven.apache.org/configure.html>`_.

http_proxy
~~~~~~~~~~

> URL to proxy http request to. The value is mapped to the settings file (.parts/.m2/settings.xml)
> under proxy element.
> 
> https_proxy
> ~~~~~~~~~~~
> 
> URL to proxy https request to. The value is mapped to the settings file (.parts/.m2/settings.xml)
> under proxy element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
URL to proxy HTTP request to. The value is mapped to the settings file
(``.parts/.m2/settings.xml``) under the proxy element.

https_proxy
~~~~~~~~~~~

URL to proxy HTTPS request to. The value is mapped to the settings file
(``.parts/.m2/settings.xml``) under the proxy element.
```

Author: Thank you for the improvements, updated!
